Alright, so before we get to our next speaker, we all know that Dan Chen has spoken at every
single conference we've had.
But he's in England right now.
And we're really upset about that because, you know, it breaks his streak.
So we arranged for a special appearance...
Wait for your song.
They're playing O'Canada for you.
Okay, I won't make this go on too long.
So Dan recently had to relocate to Canada for a job.
So he's really enjoying Canadian culture.
You've gone curling and enjoying hockey and all that good stuff, right?
Yeah, the Canucks are in the playoffs.
There you go.
Alright, so Dan is going to do a quick little short presentation in order to keep his streak
alive.
Alright, yes.
So welcome everyone.
Sorry I can't be there in person, but this is just a quick little talk about the community
and my way to thank the community for the last 10 years.
So for those who don't know me, I'm Daniel, I'm currently a postdoctoral teaching research
and teaching fellow at BC in Vancouver, Canada.
So that's why I'm in Canada right now.
I'm also a data science educator at Posit and working mostly as like on their developer
advocacy team.
And I also authored a book called Pandas for Everyone.
So I've been doing a lot of our stuff, but still do some Python stuff.
For those of you who remember or who were here last year, the photo is the race that
I ended up finishing.
So last year's special note about me was I was training for a 100 kilometer slash 62
mile trail running race.
And that is me at the finish line.
Unfortunately, I finished the race in...
So I was at the finish line.
This is photographic proof.
But if you look up my race results on UltraSignUp, it is 26 hours and 18 minutes, which is technically
18 minutes past the 24 hour cutoff time.
So I actually have an official did not finish as my time.
So we'll sort of hand wave that away.
It was in kilometers anyway.
And maybe one day I'll do 100 units in the proper measurement in miles one day.
So that's maybe a goal in a couple of years.
But yes, this is 10 years of the conference.
Ten years ago at the very first conference, I gave my first talk titled Interactive Ebola
Plots and Shiny.
Shiny was a brand new tool back then.
And I got to present at the very first conference.
And the running joke between Jared and I was this conference has been running for many
years as I was in grad school.
And I'm glad that I broke that streak.
But still continuing on this particular streak.
So I'm very thankful for Jared for that.
But you've probably heard this a bunch throughout the conference already, that the R meetup
was the precursor to the conference.
And even before then, it was really just a bunch of people sitting around at a bar at
a regular interval.
And then eventually they named themselves in NYC Data Mafia.
That eventually turned into the R meetup and now the Open Statistical Programming meetup.
And then all of that accumulated into the R conference.
So it's been actually really cool to just see the community grow.
Even though I wasn't part of that initial NYC Data Mafia bar club, but I was part of
the meetup.
And that is sort of what I wanted to present and talk about and thank everyone today.
Thank you to the community.
I met hundreds of folks over the past couple of years.
Before I even moved to Canada, I was up in D.C.
And there's a conference there in D.C. as well.
But being part of the R community and this particular community really helped me transition
between cities.
So if anyone needs to leave New York City anytime soon, just look for a local meetup
or start your own is sort of my recommendation to you to get acclimated to a new place.
And really the conference has given me the opportunity to present and talk and refine
and hone all of those skills.
And also meeting all of these folks over the past couple of years or past 10 years has
opened a lot of doors for me.
And so that's really my way to also say thank you for being here.
But also the fact that you're here can help you as well.
So participating in the meetups is a great way to sort of bolster your own professional
experiences.
So volunteer at any of the meetups.
You don't even have to volunteer at Jared's particular meetup.
But to be plugged into any community, an easy way to contribute is to volunteer.
You can also give talks.
A lot of the meetup organizers are always looking for people to give talks.
So I'd say that's also a great way to contribute to the community and also help yourself in
your own presentation skills.
And then say hello to everyone whenever you can.
And then over time, you'll see a lot of benefits out of it, more so than what I can list or
talk about.
And it'll be different for everyone.
So with that, I will just, you know, introduce the next block of speakers.
So Wes, Max, and Hillary are the next block of speakers.
And I'm sure Jared will have a fun, quirky, fun fact about all of them.
So I will relinquish my time.
And thank you for giving me the opportunity to continue on my streak and still be part
of this meetup and this conference.
So Dan, can't see us, you can hear me.
Thank you very much, Dan.
It was wonderful seeing you.
Have a fun time there.
And we look forward to seeing you next time.
Yeah.
And everyone, enjoy the conference.
Great.
Thank you.
They all gave you a big round of applause.
I'm not sure you could hear that through my earbud.
So.
All right.
Bye, Dan.
Thank you so much.